W-12986516-API-Manager-CLI-copy-editing-KL (#204)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-cli: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/api-mgr.adoc

|Flag |Description
| `--duration <num>` | Condition occurrence period duration.
| `--durationUnit <value>` | Condition occurrence period duration unit. +
Supported values: `days`, `hours`, `minutes`.
| `--email <emailAddress>` | Email to send alert notification to. +

> You can pass this flag multiple times to specify multiple emails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pass this flag multiple times to specify multiple emails.
```

Reviewer: For this, universally change "You can pass" to "Pass."

> | `--enabled` | Sets whether the alert should be enabled or not. Include the flag to enable it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--enabled` | Sets whether the alert is enabled. Include the flag to enable the alert.
```

| `--operator <value>` | Condition operator explaining values relation to threshold. +

> Supported values: `gt`, `lt`, `eq`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supported values: `gt`, `lt`, `eq`.
```

| `--periods <num>` | Number of consecutive periods condition should occur for.

> | `--policyId <num>` | ID of a policy applied to the API instance to trigger `policy-violation` alert type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--policyId <num>` | ID of a policy applied to the API instance that triggers a `policy-violation` alert type.
```

|Flag |Description
| `--duration <num>` | Condition occurrence period duration.
| `--durationUnit <value>` | Condition occurrence period duration unit. +

> Supported values: `days`, `hours`, `minutes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supported values: `days`, `hours`, and `minutes`.
```

Universal

|===
|Flag |Description 
|`--limit <value>` | Number of results to retrieve, default is 10 results
| `--offset <value>` | Offsets the amount of APIs passed, for example, `--offset 3`
| `--output <value>`| Specifies the response format. + 

> Supported values are `table` (default) and `json`

Reviewer: I'm honestly not sure if this should be considered a complete sentence without it being "The supported values."

I would ask the editors.

> api-mgr:api:change-specification [flags] <apiInstanceId> <assetVersion>
----

> Changes the asset version for the API instance passed in `<apiInstanceId` by choosing a new version from Exchange passed in `<assetVersion>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes the asset version for the API instance passed in `<apiInstanceId>` by choosing a new version from Exchange passed in `<assetVersion>`.
```

> api-mgr:api:deploy [flags] <apiInstanceId>
----

> This command deploys the API instance passed in <apiInstanceId> to the deployment target specified using the flags described below. Deploy any undeployed API using this command regardless of if it was created using the API Manager CLI or API Manger UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command deploys the API instance passed in '<apiInstanceId>' to the deployment target specified using the flags described below. Deploy any undeployed API using this command regardless of if it was created using the API Manager CLI or API Manger UI.
```

| `--applicationName myMuleApp 643404`

| `--environmentName <name>`

> | Target environment name, used only when deploying APIs from unclassified environments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Target environment name, only for when deploying API instances from unclassified environments
```

> api-mgr:api:edit [flag] <apiInstanceId>
----

> This command edits the API instance passed in `<apiInstanceId>`. Editing a Flex Gateway API instance that is currently deployed will redeploy this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command edits the API instance passed in `<apiInstanceId>`. Editing a Flex Gateway API instance that is currently deployed redeploy the API instance.
```

Besides the default `--help`, general, and authentication flags, this command also accepts:

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a"]
|===
|Flag |Description
| `-f, --isFlex`

> | Indicates whether this API instance is being managed in FlexGateway. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Indicates whether this is a Flex Gateway API instance. +
```

Include the flag to enable it.

| `-m, --muleVersion4OrAbove`

> | Indicates whether this API instance is being managed in Mule 4 or above. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Indicates whether this is a Mule 4 API instance. +
```

Include the flag to enable it.

| `--apiInstanceLabel <value>`
| API instance label, optional.

| `--deploymentType <option>`
| Deployment type. +
Supported options are `cloudhub`, `hybrid`, or `rtf`.

| `--endpointUri <value>`
| Consumer endpoint URI.

| `--inboundSecretGroupId <value>` 
| Inbound secret group ID.

| `--inboundTlsContextId <value>` 
| Outbound TLS Context ID. +

> Supply the `--inboundSecretGroupId` of the TLS Context's secret group unless the TLS Context is being removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supply the `--inboundSecretGroupId` of the TLS Context's secret group. To remove a TLS Context, apply the flag with the following value: `--inboundTlsContextId "null"`.
```

To remove a TLS Context, apply the flag with the following value: `--inboundTlsContextId "null"`.

| `--outboundSecretGroupId <value>`
| Outbound secret group ID. 

| `--outboundTlsContextId <value>`
| Outbound TLS Context ID. +

> Supply the `--outboundSecretGroupId` of the TLS Context's secret group unless a TLS Context is being removed. To remove a TLS Context, apply the flag with the following value: `--outboundTlsContextId "null"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supply the `--outboundSecretGroupId` of the TLS Context's secret group. To remove a TLS Context, apply the flag with the following value: `--outboundTlsContextId "null"`.
```

|Flag |Description

| `-f, --isFlex`

> | Indicates whether this API instance is being managed in Flex Gateway. +

Reviewer: See the edits

| Application name

| `--environmentName <name>`
| Target environment name +

>  Must be provided to redeploy APIs from unclassified environments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include to redeploy APIs from unclassified environments
```

Include the flag to enable it.

| `--name <value>`
| Tier name.

| `--description <value>`
| Tier description.

| `-l, --limit <value>`
|Single instance of an SLA tier limit in the form `--limit A,B,C` where:

> * `A` is a boolean indicating whether this limit should be visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `A` is a boolean indicating whether this limit is visible to the user.
```

Might need to check with engineering on this.
